Hello everyone.  Today I am going to expose a very big company
and this company is
not a small one and this is my 3 month
journey.  ICIC Labard Insurance
is a big fraud.  Yes, I am
not telling you this after an experience of one or two or three days,
this is my painful journey of three months which
I want to explain to you
because I feel that being a
female, this is what has happened to me today.  It may happen to you tomorrow
too.  So first of all please please please
put this video on your story,
share it as much as possible and make every person aware
because what happened to me today should
not happen to anyone else.  We take insurance.
Who takes insurance?  I think
90% of the public buys it from middle class families
because they are insecure about
their families.  If we are not there tomorrow,
who will secure our children?  We are
shown the dream that this insurance will
secure us.  But this has happened to me during my lifetime
that I would tell every person not to take any
insurance.  All these
big brands lie because this is what happened to
me.  A huge
fraud has happened to me.  We mean
what will happen to our children in the future?  We
take term insurance.  I take so many
insurances that I am secure.
Yes, I had a road accident yesterday.   If
I die, my children are safe.  I will
eat bread.  But what will happen to them?  That's what
I want to tell you today in this video.
As you know, I was
fired from my firm three months ago.  The entire
fire was instant.  Every single piece was burnt.
Overnight my 20 years of earnings were
gone and by me I mean I was
not in a condition to stand and I had taken
a policy through which I had a hope that
perhaps my money would be recovered through this policy.
But what happened to me?
Access to harassment due to which I have
never taken any depression pills in my life.  He is a
doctor from Max Hospital.
I will also give you this proof.  I have
never taken depression pills in my life.
I have been taking depression pills for three months.
You are watching my lives.
You will see me in past lives.  I was
so dull.  That while we wish we did
n't show it on camera.  But it was still visible.
I have recovered a little in the last 10-15 days.  Every
single paper of mine is genuine.
All my work is byte.  These are confidential
things.  I can't open it and show it.
But I have these proofs.
I am making a claim to the company.  So I am
not making this claim to such a big company just like that.
I have everything including buying and purchasing.  Today I have an
online business.  Because of which
I am alive like you people.  If I did
not have an online business or if
such an incident had happened with someone else, he would have committed suicide.
Maybe I would have had to commit suicide too.
If I didn't have an online business,
I wouldn't have a rotation going.  I have
a reputed firm of 18 years.  I have
never made any insurance claim in my entire life.
I am not a fraud.  I do not have
any paperwork which
any company can look at and say that I might have committed any fraud.
I take insurance from a company.
They hire third party surveyors.
Surveyors are the ones who
check each and everything.  So
that company was SS Sony EOS.  The
name of this form is in which I have given multiple mails to Mr. Varun Soni,
Trilochan ji, SS Soni.
I
will show you all those mails.  He has harassed me so much.
He calls himself a senior chartered
accountant.  But he is
not a senior chartered accountant.  These are goons.  The
company has hired goons.  I am a
single lady.  There is no badbone behind me.
I don't have a father.  I don't have a brother.
I have only two sisters.   I have
two daughters.  I live separately.  Yes.  I do
n't get a single penny from my marriage.  All my
expenses are met through my business.
I am the only one who is running this business
and feeding my daughters.   Because of which
I worked for 181 hours.
I still do it today.  But it is
impossible to describe in one video the fraud and harassment that this company has done to me.  But
I took this policy.  Claimed in the policy.
How was I repeatedly tortured for three months after having a genuine claim?
How was I mistreated?  How being
a female made me feel so harassed that
I had chest pain the same day.  The day
after my store caught fire, I was in
no condition to speak and was made to
stand on one leg for eight hours.
To count each piece.  I did my counting wrong.
He did wrong to me while counting.
After that, my condition became so bad.
Same day I also have proof
that I had pain in my chest.  We have
Bhagwati Hospital here.  I have the reports.
I came back after getting immediate injections.
My BP was down.  I mean, he
harassed me so much that at that time there is a moment when the person in
front of me is Varun Soni ji
especially.  These are the biggest goons.  You
also have a mother in your house.  You also have a sister in your house.   You
also have a daughter in your house.  If this happens to you.
And if someone does this to you,
Varun Soni ji, then you will know what you have done to
me and I will raise this voice
and take it very far.
I will give you more proofs in the next video.   I will
give proofs in this video also.
In the next video I will show you each and every thing
because it is almost impossible to tell about three months of harassment in one video.
But I will tell you this because if I do
not stand up today, then perhaps you people may push some other sister, some
other mother, some other brother to commit suicide.  There is a
smile on your face while giving insurance.  You do
n't ask for any papers.  Don't ask anything.
You saw a turnover and
gave me insurance worth crores.  Whereas every
single thing of mine is genuine.  At the time of
claim you are treating me like I am
begging you for my own money.
So I will definitely raise this voice
and I know that my public will
share this video to the maximum.  I am again
requesting with folded hands that
what happened to me should not happen to anyone else.  I will
give proof of everything.  This is a very big
company.  She is committing a huge fraud and she is doing it
with me.  I know this must have happened
with thousands and crores of people.
So you must raise this voice.  Every
person has to post this on his story and share it.  I have to make it so
viral, I have to make it so viral
that whatever has been done to me today,
no one can do it to anyone else.  Thank you so much each
and everyone.